Privacy Policy
Welcome to use this application and related services!
In order to better provide you with services, please carefully read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of this App (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement"). Before you begin to use the application software and related services, please be sure to carefully read and fully understand this Agreement, especially the provisions relating to the exemption or limitation of liability, rights licensing and information use, agreement to open and use special individual services, legal application and dispute resolution provisions. If you are under the age of 18, please read and fully understand this Agreement with your legal guardian, and download the software with the consent of your legal guardian.
If you use the Application software and related services, you are deemed to have fully understood this Agreement and promise to be bound by this Agreement as a party to this Agreement.
User personal information
We do not collect your personal information without your permission, except in the following cases:
(1) Obtain your express authorized consent in advance;
(2) You share, transfer, and disclose to third parties;
(3) directly related to national security, national defense security, public safety, public health, and public interests;
(4) Disclosure or provision in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, requirements of legal procedures, mandatory administrative and judicial requirements, or directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; We will publicly disclose your personal information according to the type of personal information and disclosure method requested. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of information above, we will require the issuance of corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We will carefully review all requests to ensure that they have a legitimate basis and are limited to data that the administrative and judicial authorities have a legitimate right to obtain for specific investigative purposes;
User behavior code
1 User behavior requirements
You shall be responsible for your use of the Product and related services, unless permitted by law or with our prior written permission, you shall not use the application software and related services in the following ways:
1.1 Use any plug-in, plug-in, system or third-party tool not authorized or permitted by us to interfere with, destroy, modify or otherwise affect the normal operation of the application software and related services.
1.2 Using or targeting the application software and related services for any behavior that endangers computer network security, including but not limited to:
(1) Illegal intrusion into others' networks, interference with the normal function of others' networks, theft of network data and other activities that endanger network security;
(2) Provide programs and tools specifically used to engage in activities endangering network security such as intruding into the network, interfering with the normal functions and protective measures of the network, stealing network data;
(3) Provide technical support, advertising promotion, payment and settlement assistance to others who knowingly engage in activities that endanger network security
(4) Using unauthorized data or accessing unauthorized servers/accounts;
(5) Accessing the public computer network or other people's computer systems without permission and deleting, modifying or adding stored information;
(6) Without permission, attempts to probe, scan, test the weaknesses of the application system or network or other conduct to undermine network security;
(7) attempts to interfere with or destroy the normal operation of the application system or website, intentionally spread malicious programs or viruses, and other acts that disrupt normal network information services;
(8) Forging TCP/IP packet names or part of the names.
1.3 Reverse engineer, reverse assemble, compile or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software.
1.4 Violation of laws and regulations, this Agreement, our relevant rules and other acts that infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of others.
In any case, if we have reason to believe that any behavior of you violates or may violate the above agreement, we can independently judge and deal with, and at any time have the right to terminate the service provided to the user with any prior notice, and pursue the relevant responsibility.
disclaimer
You understand and agree that the App and related Services may be affected or interfered with by a variety of factors, and we do not guarantee (including but not limited to) :
1.1 We are fully suitable for the user's requirements;
1.2 We are free from interference, timely, safe, reliable or error-free; Any software, services or other materials obtained by you through us meet your expectations;
1.3 Any errors in the software will be corrected.
2 For the Internet information, account password, advertising or promotion information suspected of borrowing money or other property related information, users should be cautious and make their own judgment, based on the above reasons, you have suffered profits, business reputation, data loss or other tangible or intangible losses, we do not assume any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive liability.
The User understands and agrees that in the process of using the Application Software and related services, force majeure and other factors may be encountered (force majeure refers to unforeseeable, insurmountable and unavoidable objective events), including but not limited to government actions, natural disasters, network causes, hacker attacks, wars or any other similar events. In case of force majeure, we will try to repair it in time, but the user agrees that we will not be liable for any loss caused by force majeure.
4. We have obtained the right to deal with illegal content in accordance with this Agreement, which does not constitute our obligation or commitment, and we cannot guarantee that we will find illegal behavior in time or deal with it accordingly.
Users read, understand and agree that we provide no warranties or conditions of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to the Services, including but not limited to commercial merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, etc. You must use the Software and related services at your own risk.
The User reads, understands and agrees that this Agreement is to ensure compliance with national laws and regulations, maintain public order and good customs, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of others. We will do our best to make judgments in accordance with relevant laws and regulations within the scope of our ability, but it does not guarantee that our judgments are completely consistent with those of judicial and administrative organs. The user has understood and agreed to bear the consequences arising therefrom.
other
The establishment, effectiveness, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid due to conflict with the laws of the mainland territory of the People's Republic of China, such provision will be reinterpreted as close as possible to the original intent of this Agreement, and the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
We have the right to modify this Agreement according to national policies, technical conditions, product functions and other changes, and we will publish the revised agreement. Once the above content is officially released and delivered to the user in an appropriate way (website announcement, system notice, etc.), it is an integral part of this Agreement and you shall comply with it. If you have any objection to the revised Agreement, please stop logging in and using the Application Software and related services immediately. If you log in or continue to use the Application Software and related services, you shall be deemed to have accepted the revised Agreement.
The headings in this Agreement are for convenience and reading only and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision in this Agreement.
You and we are independent entities, and in no event does this Agreement constitute any kind of express or implied warranty or condition by us to the User, nor does it constitute an agency, partnership, joint venture or employment relationship between the two parties.
The copyright of this agreement is owned by us, and we reserve the right to interpret and modify it.
 